I am asking the Director to enforce the eviction of Mr. Wambolt (Apt 1), Mrs Munroe (Apt 3) and Mr. Oickle (Apt 4) under RTA sections 10 (Imminent Threats), 9 (Good Behavior and Non-Interference) and 9 (Hygiene).

A full explanation is the email / document I sent to Burt Long, the property owner on Jan 25th 2022, making the identical requests.

In the original documents and requests of mid and late January 2022 - I requested the property owner evict Mr. Wambolt and Mr. Oickle with only 5 days notice - as per Section 10 of the RTA - so that I / we did not have to involve the Director.

As the Director is now involved, and both men culminated 18 months of violence with a 3 month long attempt on my life that has cost me my hand - I am asking the Director to enforce the eviction of Mr. Wambolt and Mr. Oickle with a day's notice.

Further - I am asking the Director to enforce the notification, involvement and presence of the RCMP on the day these men are evicted.

Mr. Wambolt (Apt 1) is a violent sociopath, welfare fraud and domestic abuser.

Mr. Wambolt runs a successful, illegal, business from his apartment, the porch, the basement and the backyard.

He defends this business and his control of those areas with extreme violence and has for 11 years.

I have written By-Law and the property owner (Jan 25th 2022), asking them to inspect the property.  I have written them asking for a dumpster to be brought and the literal tons of garbage, broken appliances and furniture, be removed.

I received no reply - having met the By-Law officer in a grocery store - I’ve no doubt she received my e-mails.

I received my Form D - Notice to Quit - as my response from the property owner.

I am asking the Director, under RTA sections 10 (Imminent Threats) and Section 9 (Good Behavior, Non-Interference, and Hygiene) to support my requests to By-Law.

All By-Law documents have been provided.  All documents sent to the property owner have been provided.  All SIRT and supporting documents have been provided.

In summary - Mr. Wambolt has assaulted, harassed and threatened tenants for 11 years, at this property, to protect his illegal income and the areas of the property he uses.  This includes breaking into apartments, forcing his way into apartments, assaulting, harassing and threatening tenants with and without weapons.

Mr. Wambolt has assaulted my guests and I since Aug 2020 in this manner.  Mr. Wambolt has escalated his violence, torturing his wife for months to prevent his son from testifying on my behalf.  Mr. Wambolt has stolen and destroyed my possessions and tools of my trade.  Mr. Wambolt has threatened 2 mass shootings, trying to provoke a physical confrontation with me.

Mr. Wambolt has coerced and exploited vulnerable tenants, convincing them to lie in court for him.  My landlords have 11 years of written notes and experience - directly contradicting their testimony.

Mr. Wambolt, having learned 1 of the 4 terminal medical issues I am facing, used that knowledge to try to kill me from July 23rd 2021 to Nov 2021.  He screamed his intentions at me each time.  Growing more frustrated, Mr. Wambolt recruited Mr. Oickle to assist him with a 3 month long fatal assault.
