I am asking the Director to enforce the removal / banning of Mr. Wambolt (Apt 1) from the areas of the property that I require to access my apartment and utilities - that he does not under RTA sections 10 (Imminent Threats), 9 (Good Behavior and Non-Interference) and 9 (Hygiene).

A full explanation is the email / document I sent to Burt Long, the property owner on Jan 25th 2022, making the identical requests.

Mr. Wambolt assaults (with and without weapons), harasses and threatens me through my apartment door and windows.  He assaults, harasses and threatens me each time I enter or exit the property.  He brings visitors to the property to my door and windows to slander and harass me in front of the community.

I am asking the Director to remove / ban Mr. Wambolt from the front porch of the building - he has a private entrance and private porch.  The porch is and has been the focal point of his anger and violence for 11 years.  The porch is a courtesy area - not guaranteed by any lease.

I am asking the Director to remove / ban Mr. Wambolt from the front parking lot - it also is a courtesy area and Mr. Wambolt has barricaded both the porch and parking lot for 18 months - harassing and endangering myself, my guests and the other tenants.  Mr. Wambolt’s apartment has a side-driveway that gives him access to his apartment, private porch and private entrance.

I am asking the Director to remove / ban Mr. Wambolt from the stairwell area outside my apartment (2) that leads to the other apartments (3 and 4).  If he wishes to visit those tenants - they can go to his apartment.

I am asking the Director to remove / ban Mr. Wambolt from performing any repairs, on any apartments, as he is not qualified, regularly uses garbage to complete the repairs, and uses his access to the basement and hot water tanks to harass tenants by shutting off their power and hot water.  Mr. Wambolt has a history of sabotaging apartment utilities to settle scores with tenants.

I am asking the Director to remove / ban Mr. Wambolt from the basement for the same reasons as above.
