I am asking the Director to enforce the removal of all barricades constructed by Mr. Wambolt (Apt 1) and Mr. Oickle (Apt 4) under RTA sections 10 (Imminent Threats), 9 (Good Behavior and Non-Interference) and 9 (Hygiene).

A full explanation is the email / document I sent to Burt Long, the property owner on Jan 25th 2022, making the identical requests.

Mr. Wambolt has argued with my landlords about screening in the porch since I moved in, in April 2019.  They have always said no.

My landlords, exhausted by the COVID evictions at other buildings, left the province in July 2021 for 2-3 months of recuperation - with the same instructions - no screens on the porch.

Mr. Wambolt and Mr. Oickle built full barricades to block the view of the porch from the landlord’s property (next door) because of their testimony on July 22nd.

Mr. Wambolt and Mr. Oickle built full barricades to block the view of the porch from the parking lot because of witness testimony on July 22nd.

Mr. Wambolt and Mr. Oickle built a 10 ft x 4 ft chain link barricade blocking the main (only) fire exit to apartments 2, 3 and 4 in October of 2021 out of frustration with their failed attempt to kill me by triggering my seizures.  They were unaware they had been successful and I’ve permanently lost the use of my right (dominant) hand.


I am asking the Director to enforce the removal of all sheds and storage areas in the backyard constructed by Mr. Wambolt (Apt 1) and Mr. Oickle (Apt 4) under RTA sections 10 (Imminent Threats), 9 (Good Behavior and Non-Interference) and 9 (Hygiene).

Mr. Wambolt has argued with my landlords about the construction of storage sheds in the backyard for his illegal income streams since I moved in, in April 2019.

Mr. Wambolt and Mr. Oickle constructed a shed, lied to and manipulated the property owner to undermine the landlords, all to store (and lock) away Mr. Wambolt’s hording of bottles, cans and garbage.  All because of witness testimony in July 2021.

The shed itself, focuses the suns heat - making the smell even worse in summer months.

