Mr. Wambolt (Apt 1) has assaulted, harassed and threatened tenants for 11 years.  His own landlords have testified to this and that his reputation for these actions and the damaging of properties means Mr. Wambolt is unable to rent anywhere else in Liverpool.

My (His) landlords have 11 years of written notes on violent crimes that have occurred on the property.  This includes a woman living in Apartment 3 that was harassed, threatened, and stalked across the property until Mr. Wambolt charged at her, chasing her to her apartment, where she locked the door and hid in the bathroom.  She called her landlords - they required she call the RCMP.  She did.  My landlords claim that Mr. Wambolt was made to promise to never again threaten a tenant.

My (His) landlords have testified Mr. Wambolt broke into the apartment of a schizophrenic tenant, photographed the squalor and circulated the photographs in town to embarrass and harass the tenant.

My (His) landlords have personal knowledge of Mr. Wambolt’s long history of stealing in the community and storing those items on the property.  Including many anecdotes of community members coming to retrieve their property.

A tenant from another building has testified in court - Mr. Wambolt threw a lawnmower blade at her to drive her off the porch - and Mr. Wambolt subsequently threatened the community, including myself and my guests with a repeat of that assault if we set foot on the porch or store any items on the porch.

My guests and I have testified, filed reports with the RCMP, SIRT (Serious Incident Response Team) and RCMP Major Crimes - detailing Mr. Wambolts use of weapons during assaults, harassment and uttering threats.

I am asking the Director to require the property owner and the landlords, sit down with the RCMP and consolidate these events - so the RCMP records are complete - filing them under Section 10 (imminent threats) and Section 9 (Good Behavior, Non-Interference and Hygiene) with the Tenancy Board - so their records are complete.

I have honored and respected all of the rules and regulations of every process from my lease to my peace bond - I do not know what else Mr. Wambolt is hiding in his past because I have not spoken to anyone - not in the community - not my landlords - not the property owner.

It needs to be written down.
