Mr. Wambolt (Apt 1) and Mr. Oickle (Apt 4) assaults, harassment, threats and attempts on my life from August 2021-November 2021 has cost me my dominant hand.  Permanent, irreversible damage to tendons and muscles during a series of seizures in late August 2021.  I am unable to use my dominant hand for more than signing my name.  Light tool use for as little as 15 minutes will render it un-usable for several days.

Mr. Wambolt learned of the seizures killing me in court on July 22nd 2021.  His assaults, with weapons began Sept 2020 and have continued to the present.  His screaming his intention to kill me by triggering seizures began July 23rd.  He recruited Mr. Oickle in mid August.  The full details are in SIRT documents 3 and 4.

I have been living on a small inheritance and taking small jobs with an eclectic skill set - they all require both hands.

I lost my income in August when I lost my hand - I managed to cover my rent and expenses until January 2022.

I am ineligible for assistance because my injuries are neither COVID nor work related.  They are a result of major, violent crimes.

I notified the property owner in August and September of 2021 - that I was no longer able to work due to my hand.  I notified my landlords in November and December 2021.  I notified my landlords of my inability to pay my rent in January 2022.

I was forced out of my apartment for more than 2 weeks due to the hot water issue (Repairs Section of the RTA Documents) almost immediately after notifying my landlords in Jan 2022.

During this time I wrote By-Law and Burt Long (Property Owner), asking for their assistance with the violence (Section 10 of the RTA), harassment and interference (Section 9 of the RTA) and hygiene issues (Section 9 of the RTA).  Those emails and documents are included.

I notified my landlords I was writing the property owner.  I was told he couldn’t come immediately because of a huge storm and  I was assured that he worked all the next week but he would respond as well as come to Liverpool to handle the matter directly in the 2nd half of January.

I waited - I received the Form D (Notice to Quit) - slid under my door while I was out - on Friday Feb 4th.  It was too late in the day as well as an hr drive to Bridgewater to speak to Access Nova Scotia.

I received advice and guidance from Access Nova Scotia on Monday Feb 7th.  I am acting on that advice now.

I am asking the Director to set aside the notice to quit.  I wish to remain in my apartment until my death.
