Mr Wambolt (Apt 1) and Mr Oickle (Apt 4) have damaged the building, my apartment and my property - both purposefully and accidentally.

Mr. Oickle’s bathroom has been leaking into my apartment since Dec 2021.

There was a minor incident with his air conditioner in August 2021.  Photos included.  It did not re-occur.

An 8ft section has fallen out of my ceiling over a 2 month period destroying clothing, papers, documents and tools.  I have been told it was an overflowed sink in Mr. Oickle’s apartment.

As described in RCMP reports, courtroom testimony (included), SIRT documents, By-Law documents, and written communication to the property owner the following events have occurred - culminating in the sabotage of my apartment, insulation, hot and cold water and plumbing in January 2022.

Mr. Wambolt has shut off the power and hot water to my apartment, for 2 days, believing he was harassing Mrs. Munroe (Apt 3) in 2020.

Mr. Wambolt has repeatedly reported my landlords and I to NS Power for stealing power in August, September and October 2021.

Mr. Wambolt has searched, stolen, and sabotaged my garbage - both while stored behind the property and while placed curbside.

Mr. Wambolt and Mr. Oickle have constructed illegal barricades physically preventing me from accessing the property.  They have threatened me repeatedly to stay “in the cage - with the garbage”.

From Jan 10-12th to Jan 27 - I had no hot water and frequently no cold water.

Mr. Wambolt and Mr. Oickle sabotage of the insulation on my apartment - and mine alone - resulted in my pipes freezing for the first time during my occupancy (2 years, 9 months).

Mr. Wambolt tried to force his way into my apartment to make repairs.  He repeatedly accessed the area under my apartment to complete repairs.  He repeatedly shut off my power and water during this time.

Mr. Wambolt was doing everything he could to keep plumbers out of the basement because of the illegal / fraudulent income he derives from the contents.

During this more than 2 week period I regularly spoke to my landlords. keeping them apprised of the water situation, explaining that Mr. Wambolt was NOT to be given access to my apartment, underneath it, the plumbing or my power or water.  I repeatedly requested that he not be allowed to carry out repairs on my apartment or utilities.

Mr. Wambolt lied to and manipulated my landlords and his way into accessing my apartment and it’s utilities repeatedly over that 2 week period.

I am asking the Director to ban Mr. Wambolt from carrying out any repairs on any apartments that are not his own.

I am asking the Director to ban Mr. Wambolt from accessing the basement entirely, the backyard and other areas of the property that house or shelter the utilities for the apartments.
