During court (July 22nd) Randy, Fay and Wayne all testified, under oath, Randy has never attacked tenants, never harassed them, never used his furniture to form barricades and force people off the porch.

When shown photographs in court all 3 repeated that 'those' were not barricades.  They were furniture.  The photos, testimony and landlords' eye witness reports show and explain Randy's furniture included a stackable washer dryer, a KFC 4 person dining table with fixed seating, an industrial photocopier, lumber, plywood and a full sized CPR dummy were used to barricade the entire porch just during the 7 months from Sept 2020 to April 2021 - when Randy began attacking myself and my guests with weapons and barricades.

During the bear hide incident, on or around October 13th or 14th, Randy and Wayne built a 4 ft by 10 ft chainlink cage.  It is nailed into the rafters, main beams of the porch and the porch itself.  It has damaged damaged everything it has been nailed to including the siding on the house.  No permits were obtained.  No landlords were consulted.  Neighbors (allegedly) have called Burt Long, the property owner, in New Brunswick to complain.

This is all occurring during the months I am being attacked day and night with Randy yelling at me :

"I don't want to wait for you to die."
"I don't want to wait for you to kill yourself."
"I don't want to wait for your fucking seizures."
"I want you off the porch right fucking now."
"I want you to have a seizure right fucking now."

This is all occurring during the months I am being attacked, harassed and threatened (weapons and barricades) day and night with Randy and Wayne swearing at me through my door and open windows.  I have had a humidity, mold and mildew issue since moving in.  My landlords are aware and have been helping me with it.

When Randy and Wayne are together, or individually with other guests to the properties they stand outside my door or windows, swearing at me and telling me or the guests brought to my windows :

"That fucking prick / cunt / cocksucker / motherfucker will be gone soon."
"That fucking cunt / cocksucker / motherfucker won't be around much longer."
"That motherfucker is getting his ass burnt."
"Burt's evicting the cunt for sabotaging the house repairs."

I was never told, no threat was ever given for why the cage had been built.

Randy and Wayne stood outside my apartment and windows, swearing at me when guests weren't around :

"You better stay inside you fucking cunt / cocksucker / motherfucker."
"You better stay on your side of the fucking porch."

Randy and Wayne did not know I didn't have a right hand in September and October.  They didn't know I couldn't hold a pencil until December.

