On Dec 11th 2021, my friends came to my home to pick me up and take me to the Christmas Farmer's market at the firehall.

Randy had barricaded the courtesy parking in 4 ft of ice and snow the day before - clearing only the spot in front of his apartment.

I was waiting in the road, they pulled into the cleared driveway.  I got in and we drove away.

I got to the firehall and discovered I had forgotten my mask and ID at home.  I drove back to my apartment.  I was only gone minutes.

Randy watches everything I do and everyone that comes and goes - attacking every chance he gets.  This day was no different.

In the minutes since I left, he had gone out and barricaded the only clear parking spot with lumber and the largest compost bin.

I was unable to pull in off the road.  I got out, moved the objects a couple feet and pulled in off the road where it was safe.

Randy was instantly out on the porch yelling at me that I wasn't allowed to be there, I wasn't allowed to park there, that I had to fuck off and clear my own spot.

I went in to my apartment, got my ID and mask, and went out to get in the car.  I was parked for less than 60 seconds.

Randy was on the porch yelling at Crystal : "What's the number for the RCMP Crystal ?"

I said "911 you fucking idiot" - it's the first time I had spoken to Randy in a year.

I went to my landlords, explained what had happened, what I said, and asked them to send the RCMP to the farmer's market to speak with me.

I replaced the barricade, took a photo and as I got in the car to leave, Randy was on the phone with the RCMP.

Barricading the courtesy parking so I can't use it endangers me (suddenly stuck in the road) and my passengers - this includes a 6 yr old child that I occassionally pick up from school in that very vehicle.

Barricading the parking endangers everyone on the street as cars are suddenly stuck in the road.

Useless, petty calls to the RCMP is a big reason why the RCMP have refused to come to 98 Union Street for the serious violence, unrelated to Randy, that I have tried to report (SIRT documents).  The RCMP simply don't believe anyone because of Randy and refuse to come when called because of Randy.

This is why Randy is a serious and daily danger to everyone in the building and on the street.
