In November 2021 Randy had been threatening me with weapons and barricades for 15 months.

Randy (and Wayne) used my seizures to try to kill me in August, September and October - there is a NS Serious Incident Response Team file on this matter.  He and Wayne triggered a series of seizures in August that did nearly kill me.  I was unable to walk or stand for a couple days and the tendons (ligaments and muscles) in my right hand and arm (my dominant side) were all permanently damaged.  I could not hold a pencil or sign my name in September and October.  I stayed in my apartment as I was attacked, harassed and threatened day and night by both men.  I stayed in my apartment as my property was destroyed, my equipment thrown into the driveway and filled with garbage.  There are pictures of this in the photos folder.  I did not come out during the day so I could hide only having one hand, my off-hand.  I cleaned up the mess and moved my belongings back to the porch each night after they went to bed.

November 1st was the first time (more than 2 months) that I dared come on the porch during the day.  My friends were coming to pick me up and I was sitting on "my side" of the cage Randy and Wayne built in mid October.

Randy came out as soon as he saw me on the porch and started threatening me the way he had since July 23rd.

"I don't want to wait for you to die."
"I don't want to wait for you to kill yourself."
"I don't want to wait for your fucking seizures."
"I want you off the porch right fucking now."
"I want you to have a seizure right fucking now."

As I sat ignoring him, as I had for 15 months, he had a window on a table in front of him (one of his art projects).  He began smashing it into the table and threatening me with the above comments.

As I sat, ignoring him, he got angrier and angrier.

He grew angrier and went in the house and got a hammer and chisel.  He sat on the porch, smashing glass with the hammer, smashing it to dust on the table and not quite yelling all his threats at me.

As I sat, ignoring him, he got angrier and angrier.

When Randy went in and got a chainsaw, I sent a text to my friends telling them not to come to my house.  They didn't get it in time.

I locked my apartment and was leaving the driveway as my friends pulled in, Randy behind me smashing a chainsaw into the broken window and broken glass, yelling his threats at me.  He was yelling "I want you to have a seizure right fucking now" while smashing a chainsaw into broken glass.

Randy continued to smash the chainsaw and yell until he saw it was Chase - the husband of the woman he had threatened for over a year.  He sat down and pretended to be working on his art project.

I took a few pictures from the car as I got in.  Randy sitting in front of a window, in a pile of broken glass, with a chainsaw.

The text and photos are in the photo folder.
