In the fall of 2021 (September / October) Randy (and others) cut away the insulation for the exterior wall to my apartment (see photos in Photo folder).  Their claim was they were pouring a new sidewalk.  They cut away the insulation covering the bottom 2 feet of my apartment - for it's entire length.

The sidewalk was never poured.  The insulation never replaced.

Visitors asked many times over that fall and winter, after the renovations and repairs stopped, about the insulation and pipes freezing. Randy responded, bringing these people to my door or windows, speaking or yelling loud enough for me to hear in my apartment on multiple occassions :

"Fuck him, fuck his apartment, I don't care if his pipes freeze.

Jan 12th

The pipes on that same exterior wall, froze for the first time.  I had lived there for 2 1/2 years and many days and months colder than the Jan 12th night that froze the pipes.  On the night of Jan 12th plumming in the rest of my apartment was normal, both hot and cold.  I put a 150 watt bulb under my sink for heat - to thaw my pipes and stayed with friends.  My exterior wall pipes were frozen when I left at 6 pm Jan 12th.

Jan 13th

I returned 7:45 am Jan 13th.  My pipes had thawed and the cold worked everywhere in the apartment.  The hot did not.  No water came from the hot taps anywhere in the apartment.  My bathroom sink hotwater and shower hotwater had worked the night before.  My hotwater tank is cantankerous and I keep a supply of fuses on hand to fix it.  It's in the hallway outside my apartment.  I assumed that was the problem.

I heard water running and assumed it was my upstairs neighbor showering or using his washroom.  That is what it sounded like.  I hear it all the time.

I went for a coffee and returned at more reasonable time (9:30 am) to speak with my landlords about the water that was still clearly running either in the walls or under the apartment.  My apartment was clean and dry.

My landlords told me how to shut off the water to my hotwater tank (and the power to it) and I waited for the water pressure to run itself out - until 10 - to see if the sound of water running would stop.

It did not.

My landlords and I checked they had a spare key to my apartment that worked.

I asked that I be called if the apartment needed to be entered specifically because I did not trust Randy.  He has lied and bullied his way into apartments many times before.  My landlords have testified that he has broken into atleast 1 apartment before.  He has stolen and destroyed my property several times before (multiple RCMP reportst).

I told my landlords specifically, I did not trust Randy.  I told them I believed he would lie and bully his way past repairmen to get into my apartment.
