I was warned by everyone (landlords, tenants, neighbors and Randy's children) that Randy is a liar.  This is spread throughout the court documents and testimony.  Everyone has understated what Randy is.  He is a pathological liar - but he is also a socipath - an impulsive liar.  It takes only a little effort to fact check him and catch him lying.  Randy covers for this with all the sobbing and crying and shear volume of the lies being told.

The full extent of his lying is to cause chaos and confusion.  That confusion is compounded by his use of half truthes and the exploitation of those around him with diminished capacity.  He is a predator and he hides by sobbing and crying and his idiotic claims that only cause more confusion - overwhelming anyone trying to understand what is going on.

There is no way to list every instance of Randy lying so I will list a few big ones.

Randy, Fay and Wayne have claimed, under oath (court testimony) that Randy has never attacked, harassed or threatened a tenant in the 10 years Randy has lived there (or the time Fay and Wayne have lived there).

Fay and Wayne have filed complaints with the landlords since they moved in about Randy's harassment and threats on and about the porch.  This is specifically true of Fay who was not allowed on Randy's furniture - it occupied the entire porch - because of her hygiene issues.  When I moved in, in 2019, Fay and Randy fought every day about Fay having to sit in the corner and only the corner, on a broken lawn chair that Randy gave her and then threatened to take away from her - daily.  Both lied about this in court.

In March / April of 2020 - before I had anything to do with Randy or anyone else (I kept to myself for a year), Randy called the RCMP on Fay and Cheezy after an argument over the porch and the chair.   Fay's chair had broken beyond use and Fay got a new one.  When Randy started threatening to take Fay's chair - she threatened to call the RCMP if Randy touched it because it was a different chair - not the one he had given her.  Randy called the RCMP to get back at her.  The RCMP arrived as I was leaving one morning.  I spoke with that RCMP officer before I had any involvement with any tenant.  I had been there for a year.  Fay and Randy have lied about all this in court.

RCMP case files (police reports), court documents and recordings have multiple people, including myself, claiming and corroborating each other - that each has been attacked by Randy, with and without weapons, with and without barricades, for extended periods of time.  In Jan 2022, it has been 17 months - I have been attacked for 17 months by a man using weapons and barricades.  My friend (Charley) was attacked for 7 months by Randy, with weapons like screwdrivers.  She won't come to the property anymore.  Claudia had a lawnmower blade thrown at her.  Chase saw and heard Randy threaten to put an ice chisel through my canoe.

Court recordings of Randy's landlords describe him attacking, harassing and threatening every tenant for 10 years.  That same testimony has Randy's landlord explaining Randy can't rent anywhere in Liverpool because he has attacked, harassed and threatened tenants and damaged property at his previous rentals.  The landlords have written notes and personal experience of and with that violence for 10 years.

Specific examples from court include Randy breaking into an apartment and photographing the contents to humiliate a tenant with schitzophrenia by circulating those photographs in town.

Specific examples from July 25th (the first time I speak to my landlords about Randy's past, specific to court related matters) Randy targeted, harassed, attacked and threatened the woman in Apartment 3 (Fay's) before Fay.  Randy forced that tenant completely off the porch.  The tenant asked the landlords for permission to read in the backyard, it was given.  Randy stalked the woman everywhere she went, threatening, harrassing and attacking her every time she left her apartment.  He moved furniture to the backyard so he could sit and harass that woman while she read and drank tea in the backyard.  In one particularly violent encounter that woman ran to her apartment and locked the door.  Randy was beating on the door and screaming threats when the woman locked herself in the bathroom and called the landlords.  They instructed the woman to call 911.  She did.  The RCMP attended and a case file exists.  Randy was given a special meeting with his landlords after this event and was told he was never to threaten a tenant again.

Randy has lied and denied it all in court.

Another example of unnecessary and pathological lying to cause utter confusion involves a 'Can Say' document - a court document - a list of who will testify to what.

The peace bond process began on April 5th when Randy stole the fridge from my apartment (it was on the porch).  The RCMP (case file : 2021-449087) required I complete a peace bond application.  I did so between April 6th and 8th.  The documents, including an 11 page Can Say document was produced with the help of multiple Justices of the Peace (multiple trips to the Bridgewater Courthouse).  Those documents including the Can Say document were filed with the courts on the 7th or 8th.  That original Can Say document is in the Court Documents folder.

The peace bond documents, including the Can Say document, were served on April 9th (RCMP case file : 2021-471334) - the same day and reason - Randy threatened to shoot everyone in the building the first time (that event has never been reported though the written account is in the landlords notes on Randy as a tenant).

The court recording for the April 21st court hearing - Randy very clearly says "I want this to go through the courts.  I want him to prove what is in these documents is true."  The court recording for July 22nd, Randy can be clearly heard, repeatedly telling the judge 'I don't know why I am here."


In court, on April 21st, Randy was, at the time, holding and waving the Can Say document served on April 9th.  The judge did not have a copy in his file.  I was instructed to re-file the Can Say document.  The audio recording has the Judge telling Randy it is Randy's responsibility to get the document.  Randy already had it.

I filed the same document again.  The photo in the court documents folder is the handwritten note from the Justice of the Peace - the Can Say document was re-filed on April 21st.  The handwritten note says it is to be picked up by Randy Wambolt, in person, in Bridgewater as ordered by the Judge.

Randy never went and got it because it was the same document.

May 31st was a conference call with the courts to re-schedule the hearing for July 7th.

July 7th, Randy stood in court and swore (stated) repeatedly he never received the documents and never knew he was suppose to get them himself.  A different judge again, claimed he did not have the Can Say document in his files.  I was ordered by the courts to file a new one, one page or less.  I was ordered by the courts to hand deliver it to Randy before court on July 22nd.  I did that.  That document is also in the court documents folder.

On July 22nd, another new judge, she had the new document but made an issue of the old documents being missing.  Randy can be heard on the recordings, testifying in court, over and over, he never received the original documents, never knew he was suppose to get them himself, he denied being served the documents on April 9th.

I had learned, literally the day before court (July 21st), that because Randy never came and got the Can Say document himself, because the Can Say document had been shuffled from judge to judge, because court cases had been merged and then split - the original Can Say document, having never been picked up by Randy, were placed in an envelope, with the note stating a judge had ordered Randy to pick up the Can Say documents, and were mistaken as sealed documents.  Every judge had had them - but because Randy lied to every judge - the judges mistook the envelope for a sealed document they weren't to read.

The July 22nd court recordings, when I finally get across to the judge that Randy has been lying this entire time, when the court officer confirms there is, what looks like a sealed envelope with a note stating it was Randy's responsibility to pick it up, the judge orders the envelope unsealed.  When she (judge) realizes that Randy has been lying and asks him about it - Randy instantly switches to yes - he's always had the original Can Say documents - Randy claimed he had lost and forgot them because of his wife.
